Added `NetBox Cloud Pilot` sub category to `NetBox-Plugins` (#75)
Onemind-Services-LLC/cloudmydc-docs: docs/netbox-hosting/netbox-plugins/netbox-cloud-pilot/NetBox Upgrade.md

<div style={{
    display:'flex',
    justifyContent: 'center',
    margin: '0 0 1rem 0'
}}>

![Locale Dropdown](./img/NetBoxUpgrade/img-02.png)

</div>

4. Upon selecting a version, the system will verify that all installed plugins, specifically those installed via the plugin store, are compatible with the selected NetBox version.

<div style={{
    display:'flex',
    justifyContent: 'center',
    margin: '0 0 1rem 0'
}}>

![Locale Dropdown](./img/NetBoxUpgrade/img-03.png)

</div>

5. After passing all compatibility checks, the upgrade will commence as a background job.

:::tip Tip

- **DB Disable Server Side Cursors:** Change this to Yes to enhance database performance, a requirement for production setups on NetBox v3.6 or newer. Prior to upgrading from v3.5, ensure this option is enabled to facilitate a smooth transition.

:::

:::danger

- The compatibility check is performed only for plugins installed through the plugin store. Plugins installed by other means will not be checked for compatibility and may affect the upgrade process.

:::

:::warning

> - It is advisable to set up [database backups](https://github.com/Onemind-Services-LLC/cloudmydc-docs/issues/add-link-here) for your environment. The upgrade routine looks for a backup configuration and initiates a backup before proceeding with the upgrade, ensuring a recovery point is available in case of failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is advisable to set up [database backups](/netbox-hosting/netbox-plugins/netbox-cloud-pilot/database-backups-restores) for your environment. The upgrade routine looks for a backup configuration and initiates a backup before proceeding with the upgrade, ensuring a recovery point is available in case of failure.
```
